
Duolingo Feedback Week 3
Group: 19

Total respondents: 17

Q1 Majority of people used Iphone as their device 
      (iPhone: 13 users (76%) and Android: 2 users (12%)

Q2 50% of people found Duolingo’s features/functions hard/difficult to understand 
Easy: 5 users
Moderately easy: 6 users
Average: 3 users
Moderately hard: 2 users
Could not complete: 1 user 

The existence of users that found changing a setting moderately hard/could not find the settings considering such a small sample size shows that Duolingo has failed in making accessibility features (as found in the settings menu) easy to access. 

Q3 What Functions & or Features need work? (Metric 1) 
Feedback
Too many pop ups between screen
The settings menu should be more accessible and not hidden way in the profile section and with some settings not in their intuitive title section (name of button)
possibly making the icons bigger
Possibly the addition of a new course button for easy access to new lessons and courses.
Understanding the icons in the bottom bar.


Q4 56% of participants were confident in completing a task without audio 


Q5 Did you feel the app fulfilled your needs? 
28% said might or might not 
39% said probably
11% said Definitely 
Q6 What specifically did you find easy or difficult about Duolingo's design for your needs?
Feedback
To make a commitment using the app
To make a commitment using the app
Learning spanish
I could select a wide variety of languages
It did not provide options for what I might want to learn/improve


Q7 Was Navigating Duolingo’s User interface Easy/Enjoyable?
72% said yes it was easy/enjoyable
Feedback
Understanding of what the energy and icons mean
too much going on
rotation is a bit off, need improvements
More options for new users instead of being forced into a language session
Only Around 50% of participants were confident that Duolingo was able to fulfill their needs
82% found Duolingo’s UI to be easy to use and enjoyable. However, the remaining found it to be either too confusing or too overwhelming.
Recommendation
We recommend Duolingo takes action to improve their user experience by making the icons more intuitive. And making the User experience not as overwhelming. As 47% of users reported some features to be confusing, Duolingo should add contextual tooltips that could improve the learnability. Similarly, for the users who rely on audio, they may benefit from more visual tips or captions. 
